This is Sinomacs, a configuration of the Emacs editor for Chinese Studies.
Many basic file operations have familiar keystrokes using the control key (or the Mac command key).  

Ctrl-N	New file (you have to give it a name before editing)
Ctrl-O	Open file
Ctrl-S	Save file
Ctrl-W	Close file
Ctrl-Q	Quit Emacs
Ctrl-F	Find (repeat to find next; shift to go backwards)
Crtl-R	Replace (shift to do it without asking)
Ctrl-G	Cancel current command
Ctrl-H	Help (press ? or Ctrl-H again for a list of topics)

Select text by holding down the shift key and moving the cursor (Ctrl-Enter will switch to rectangular selection mode).

Ctrl-X	Cut
Ctrl-C 	Copy
Ctrl-V 	Paste
Ctrl-A	Select all
Ctrl-D	Select current word (then Ctrl-F will search for it)
Ctrl-Z	Undo (shift to Redo)

Window manipulation (Use F1 to switch between open files):

Shft-Ctrl-N	Open new window (and display command overview)
Shft-Ctrl-W	Close window
Ctrl-`		Switch window
F4		Switch to other buffer(s) in split screen
Shft-F4      	Remove pop-up window

Input methods 	Emacs offers a large number of input methods for many languages:

Ctrl-\      	Switch to the most recently used input method 
Ctrl-u Ctrl-\ 	Select a new input method (use tab to see a menu of possible selections)

There are also some convenient function keys:

F1    	  	Display this command overview
Shft-F1		Switch among open files 
Ctrl-F1		List open files and buffers
Shft-Ctrl-F1 	Open folder
Alt-F1 		Show list of recently opened files
Shft-Alt-F1    	Open file or URL under the cursor

F2+o		List all occurrences of search term in current file
F2+g		List all occurrences of search term in current directory (does not work on windows:-(
F2+c		Lookup character information
F2+d		Search in ctext.org dictionary
F2+f		Search for component in CHISE IDS Find
Shift-F2 +/-	Zoom in (+) or out (-)

F3      	Search for titles in the Kanseki Repository
Alt-F3      	Show Mandoku Catalog
Shft-F3		Search your Bibliography 
Ctrl-F3		Search Kanseki Database
Shft-Ctrl-F3  	Search DDB Authority database for Persons
Shft-Alt-F3  	Search DDB Authority database for Places

F4 		Switch to pop-up window
Shft-F4		Remove pop-up window
Alt-F4		Quit emacs
Ctrl-F4 	Split window horizontally
Shft-Ctrl-F4  	Split window vertically

F5		Go to next bookmark
Shft-F5		Go to previous bookmark
Ctrl-F5		Toggle bookmark on/off at cursor
Alt-F5		List bookmarks
Shft-Alt-F5	

F6		Search in Kanseki Repository
Shft-F6		Search in User files (under ~/krp/work)
Ctrl-F6		Interface to Git (magit)
Shft-Ctrl-F6	Show coloured word diff against last Git commit
Alt-F6 		Go to next change (with respect to Git repository)
Shft-Alt-F6  	Go to previous change (with respect to Git repository)

F7		Open sample Org document
Shft-F7		
Ctrl-F7		
Shft-Ctrl-F7	
Shft-Alt-F7	

There are thousands of Emacs commands that have complex and difficult to remember keystrokes.  An easier way to invoke these is to type Alt-X and then the name of the command.  For example:

Alt-X re-builder    Start creating a regular expression (pcre syntax)	 
Alt-X occur	    Show all lines matching a pattern (this is also available through F2)
Alt-X sinomacs-update-sinomacs	   Updates sinomacs.

Function keys F8 to F11 are reserved for commands that pertain to particular types of files.
These commands are only active when documents of this type are active.

* Mandoku:

F8		Annotate selected term
Ctlr-F8		Store a link to text location. You can also select text and store this for later use.
Ctrl-c p	Paste a citation with link to the citation source (Does not work if text is selected).

* Org: 

Ctlr-c Ctlr-e	Export document 


Global Org commands:

Ctlr-c l,	Store link (see also above for the Mandoku version of this command)
F12		Show agenda


For more information about Sinomacs please go to http://github.com/mandoku/sinomacs
